# Number Guessing Game

## Introduction:
This number guessing game is designed for two players where they attempt to guess a number generated by the computer. It serves as a fun pastime.



## Game Rule:
- The game selects a random number between 1 and 20.
- There are two players.
- Each player gets a total of 5 attempts to guess correctly.
- After a player's guess, the game provides a hint indicating whether the guessed number is too low or too high.
- If a player correctly guesses the number, the message displayed is:
"Great Job! You guessed the number! Game restarted! You have 5 new chances to guess the number between 0 and 20."

## How to play this game
**1. Start the game.**
Although the command is "restart", it's also used to start the game.  
Make a GET request to:
http://localhost:8080/api/restart

You'll see the message:
 "Game restarted! You have 5 new chances to guess the number between 0 and 20."

**2. Enter User Name**  
Make a POST request with the user's name:
http://localhost:8080/api/user/{username}
 (after user/ to key in name)
http://localhost:8080/api/user/SomeName

You'll see the message:
" Your name is SomeName. "

**3. Start playing.**
For User1 to guess the number (e.g., 5), make a POST request to:
http://localhost:8080/api/user1/5
The response will provide a hint on whether 5 is too high or low 
and a reminder on the remaining chances.

For User2 to guess the number (e.g., 16), make a POST request to:
http://localhost:8080/api/user1/16
Similarly, the response will provide feedback on the guess and Remind chances left.

**4. Winner!!!**
When someone correctly guesses the number, the following message will appear:
Great Job! You guessed the number! Game restarted! You have 5 new chances to guess the number between 0 and 20.

Users can choose to restart or end the game. The user's progress is also saved to `player.json`.

## Game Play Demo
Please see the attach demo.pdf files.

## Languages and Tools Used
- Java
- Spring Framework

## Author
ShuFen (Scarlett) Cheng  
OAMK DIN22SP

